[Music]
yeah
hello how are you hearts how are you well
first of all I have to tell you that I
just gave him a little sack but
well in bed we have me here on
twitter the master leads but well it
's not the first that I've given one of these
no and that's what he has talking things for the sake of
talking they are talking simply because you
have a mouth knowing what moves the
flores moreno family
knowing what moves and that you
only get likes and challenges and on your
account
thanks to throwing [ __ ] at these people
giving you the downloads maybe when I
feminist has nothing dude because I've
seen you humiliate women in a
very regrettable and disgusting way it's
very sexist dude be literal I've seen you
and you know it and I have it all saved that
you're going to act like a feminist now
only because you know that it's the only
story that can get you
called on telecinco and getting more
days of work seems pathetic to me no
but since you set up a fallacy and reach the
level of saying false things equally
false when you put on the little act of
giving the handkerchief to  Rocio Flores doesn't
get up the other day to say and in fact
we made a video I want you to remember
that the audience of Survivor
got up the other day because
Olga Moreno didn't go to the program
this was on Sunday Sunday Olga
Moreno I know where she was and another way she did
n't go to didn't go to Survivor so I
celebrate it because there was a small
increase in audience but look at you the sas
that in all the mouth that on Tuesday and that it
was Olga and then they have achieved an all-time high
for the entire edition
well here's the question and the reason why I'm
making this video is because I
saw when I went to give her the shaka I
saw that she posted a tweet in
which she said that well basically
all the people from the South Tide that she
met on social networks were like they
were idiots because basically what she
's saying is that those from the
Blue Tide are the ones who don't have the capacity to
discuss that they don't have arguments
so when they found me between
tweets well I made a proposal on
Twitter but well I'm going to tell you
so that you can go to
my Twitter okay and see the tweet that  what I
'm saying is true no but let's
go what has been what
the master Ivan has been saying this tweet is
that all those from the blue tide are very good
as if they don't know how to debate that with
all those who are from the
blue tide who are I don't know what that I don't know
how much that they don't have to block like
because they argue with me I would like 42 coins
of your good I would like to argue with
someone from the blue tide but the
comments they post are of such a level
of ignorant that I have to settle
for blocking hollinger rage
people are already putting it on him or I
hadn't realized this writing
the answers that people are already putting on him
with javi oliveira javi do you want to
debate with someone like that in fact from your, from
your thinking okay but it's going to be that
I, I only proposed but I
hope I get a surprise and a ignorant
and I have this level so low and he is so
superior I would like to debate here on my
channel without moderators without
television presenters without scripts
without video editing or anything
just him and I with our
arguments and we talk a little bit about everything about
everything  what each one of
us comment on the networks and express our
opinions and so on, there
was a Caracas journalist I'm not
going to give you his name because I more or
less get along with him okay but he's
a journalist who comes to see although
a cordiality no I don't have anything
personal against him but he
has told me that he look what he tells me
if this got out or rather he tells me even
small notes it's a debate because you
give me a sweep that you flip out then
how do you know that he would give you a sweep and
the teacher is not going to come but anyway
family I leave you with the tweet
okay you can all go to my
twitter account to see it there I propose it okay
I'm not afraid of looking bad not that he will make
me look like a hick I'm not
afraid if he makes me look like a
hick then he will make me look at the end of everything he
can make me look like a hick on my
own channel gosh how angry don't they say in
the turn and I wouldn't like to argue with
someone from the south pond who I am who I
am teacher waiting for your answer
a hug family and see you in the
next video
[Music]